Hello and welcome to this art tutorial.
So now that we fitted our logistic regression to the training set we are going to predictive test that
result using this classifier that we just built in the previous tutorial.
So usually we can do this in one step but for logistic regression we're going to do it in two steps
and we are more interested in having the 0 and 1 predictions rather than the probabilities.
So first let's take anyway the probabilities.
So where are we going to call them problem pred which is the vector of the period which will be the
vector of the predicted probabilities of our test set observations by the classifier.
So propertied equals predict.
So we're going to use this pretty function to predict the probabilities based on our Jhelum classifier
.
And speaking of classifier This is our first argument in the pretty function so here we can put classifier
come up then the next argument is type and for logistic regression we should choose the response type
because that will give us the probabilities listed in a single vector.
So that's what we want.
And then we have to specify the new observations that we want to predict.
So in our case these new observations are the test set observations.
So new data equals test set and we're just going to remove the last column of the test said because
the last column is the dependent variable and that's what we want to predict.
So we will only take tests at minus 3.
That is the two independent variables age and salary of the test set.
All right so let's just summarize this line.
We are predicting the test set observations using our classifier which is the logistic regression classify
.
All right.
That returns the probabilities because as you can see if I select this line and execute here if I type
problem pred in the console I will get as you can see I will get the probabilities of each of my test
set observations.
So here for example that's.
Let's go to our test set.
The first observation has indexed to the real result is zero.
That means that the user number two didn't buy the SUV.
Now if we go back to logistic regression we can see that for this user number two proc predetermines
0.06 10.
So what does this probability exactly that probability is the probability that the dependent variable
is equal to one.
That is the probability that the user buys the SUV.
So here since it's very small it's open 0 16.
That means that the classifier predicts a very low probability of the dependent variable being equal
to 1.
That means that it predicts that the user number two has very low chance to buy the SUV.
Therefore in short propertied returns the predicted probabilities that the user will buy the SUV which
we don't really want that we would rather have zero and one result.
And to do this it's very simple we're just going to do some kind of a conversion.
So we're going to create a vector of predicted results that we're going to call y pred equals and then
we're just going to use if else to transform those probabilities into zero and one result.
So him going to write if else.
So the first argument of if else is the condition and the condition is going to be problem.
Pred over 0.5 because if pred is larger than 0.5 that means that the user has more chance to buy the
SUV.
So in that case that means that we want to predict one.
And actually the second argument of the if else function is the result you want to take when this condition
is true.
So here we're going to put a one on right.
And the last argument is the result you want to return if this condition is false.
And if this condition is false that means that the predicted probability is lower than 0.5.
That means that the user has less chance to buy the SUV and therefore it's going to be a zero.
And that's it.
Now you're going to see if I select this line and executes.
All right let's look at white bread now white bread as you can see.
I only have zeroes or one.
I no longer have the probabilities and remember the real result for use or two was zero.
So that's what happened in reality.
And here are classified predictors 0.
So that's a correct prediction.
And that's because remember before the probability was very low.
So it was below 0.5 and therefore it returned zero.
All right.
So we predicted our test results.
That's a good thing.
Now we are going to evaluate this predictions thanks to the confusion matrix that we're going to build
in the next tutorial.
So I look forward to seeing you there.
And until then enjoy machine learning.